The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
May you live every day of your life.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
Kindness is a language that the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph.
Do what you love and success will follow. Passion is the fuel behind a successful career.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The future depends on what you do today.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
I think, therefore I am.
What we think, we become.
Dream big and dare to fail.
The best revenge is massive success.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
